"ISIS took the area, lost it, then took it again, then lost it again.""Didn't he announce the caliphate and then never get seen again?""Ah, anarchists aren't allowed to say anything about some forms of government because Bakunin didn't say something about it? It's not like what he wrote is the only anarchist opinion. ""This is obviously such bullshit. The PKK hasent launched attacks since the city war. Also thats not even how they enter into Turkey. ""I meant that havent launched attacks in the cities. Which is what the article claims they were going to do. Since the disastrous city war theyve realized thats not an effective strategy for them right now. Of course theres still clashes on the mountains and villages. ""Most of those attacks are from TAK. PKK doing actions in the cities is incredibly rare these days. This is why I was disputing the claim of the article that the explosives are for city attacks. Turkey is trying to fear monger in order to justify their attack on the border area. ""Pro-Turkey brigading - it's all over the sub right now.""I can accept than some governments are better than others. That's not an uncommon sentiment among anarchists and I think it would be shared by Stirner, Bakunin, et al""Visit /r/Anarchism or an associated sub and you're bound to find very much pro-DFN sentiment. There are even anarchists serving in various capacities there. ""So I guess there will be no operation east of the Euphrates""You're correct that the western popular view of these nations is largely influenced by the fact that they're not aligned with the US hegenomy, but it should also be said that most of them are repressive dictatorships. They're not \"innocent nations\". But western intervention has certainly done no good at all, especially when you consider that Tunisia had very little intervention and is the sole happy ending of the Arab Spring.""Gonna call bullshit on this:\n&gt; The recent battle was led by the Kurdish SDF leaders, not Arabs, **which was a change to what had occurred previously, when the assault started and the SDF was able to crush ISIS east of the Euphrates.**\n\nPro-SAA/rebel people have been claiming steadily since before even Raqqa that only kurds were allowed to be commanders.\n\n""YBS opted to join PMU and officially split from PKK last year. That doesn't mean they aren't still linked, but officially they are a PMU unit now, paid by the Iraqi government.""Deir Ezzor Military Council, not Manbij Military Council.""Good to know, but the officially becoming a PMU unit was last year right? Or am I remembering wrong?""Yes.""How do ISIS even make it across the river? Surely the SAA is watching every portion and will just shoot anything that tries to come their way? That they can so easily make it to the other side is really odd to me""Originally I thought the plan was for the YPG to take the city then give it to the locals. Not 100% sure though.""Could've, at the risk of being more unprepared for a Turkish invasion in the north. ""Macron is incredibly unpopular, though. I doubt the fascists would win an election against all the other parties.""&gt;So why does US have ten bases in Syria but not provide a full range of military support here ??\n\n1. Political reasons in the U.S. - \"no boots on the ground\"/keeping a small footprint. Cost is also a factor here, the Pentagon and politicians are always harping on how this is the most cost-effective intervention in decades vs. full invasion Iraq/Afghanistan style deployment.\n\n2. Geopolitical reasons. They have been holding back on fully equipping the YPG since the beginning, because of Turkey's problems with the YPG. ""3 Italian flags in southeast Rojava, each with French/American accompaniment. ""Or a hallmark of a population living under fascist occupation. ""I didn't say murder was good (I wish true revolutions could be bloodless), I was just stunned that someone could be able to kill 104 soldiers.""I can appreciate the fact that they have legitimate grievances with the current governments, but the replacement they have created is far from comparable to the DFNS in terms of the freedom experienced by their citizens. ""&gt;KCK is Kurdish nationalist terror organisation which freely operates in almost all western countries  \n&gt;  \n&gt;It must be noted that KCK is responsible for 40000 deaths including hundreds of women, children and elderly. They use child soldiers and have performed ethnic cleansing. The fact that they aren't Islamists doesn't make them any better than ISIS.\n\n40,000 is the total number of deaths for the pkk/turkey conflict. INCLUDING pkk deaths. claiming pkk is responsible is an outright lie, as is claiming they have performed ethnic cleansing. Get outta here with your propaganda. This is a serious sub for discussion.\n\n&amp;#x200B;""Very hard when you're also trying to defend yourself from one of the biggest and well equipped NATO armies. ""There's some ideological stuff going on about community self-defense, and decentralizing security. If I remember right the idea is for everyone in the community to take rotating turns acting as police so as to make professional police obsolete. So HXP isn't being trained for permanent deployment but trained so that when their rotation comes up they know how to hold a rifle? I'm not 100% on any of that though, just going from memory. I'd assume that's the direction HXP would head in the absence of a war. Sort of the overarching dual-power idea of Democratic Confederalism also applying to Policing/the Asayish""Yeah but were they helicopters or were they Ospreys?""Paywall""That's wrong because while PKK and PYD do both struggles together due to ideology and are internationally affiliated through the KCK, they aren't the same, that would be like claiming the WSA and IWA are just the IWA due them both being anarcho-syndicalist and fighting/agitating together for an anarcho-syndicalist society.""Lol wow. That does not help with the perception of ineptitude in the DMC.""You're making a lot of assumptions when it's probably just a dude doing goofy shit.""Not by OPCW. ""No, the US air strikes are far too inaccurate compared to their capabilities. ""The PKK isn't Marxist-Leninist anymore. ""This is Turkish propaganda. They aren't interested in reality.""Bij\u00ee DemCon though""What a ridiculous statement. I found the original video, and it's as incoherent and dumb as the snippet in this article makes it out to be: [https://youtu.be/u9hJgmiKXzU?t=610](https://youtu.be/u9hJgmiKXzU?t=610)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nBut one caveat - he's trying to make the case that Iran-backed regimes allow ISIS to grow not on purpose, but based on incompetence I think? Like I said, he does a terrible job of making that point. But I don't think he's *trying* to say they directly will create a new ISIS, just that it will happen if Iran is there instead of U.S./SA.""They had the land before though?""What does this have to do with Sheik Maqsood? It's been under SAA control for a while now.""You're trying to distract from the core issue of the article. The Syrian regime has blood on its hands. Just because they're better than Jihadists and human smugglers, doesn't mean they shouldn't be criticised.""the fact that they stole it from the farmers whose land they occupy.""And who caused those farmers to run, also the excuse of \"we terrorized people to steal their land and livelihood\" isn't an argument one can make and not be called an aggressor/colonialist/genocidaire, all of which the Turkish government are, and by proxy the Turkish people, who don't participate in some type of dissident action.""true, but Cypress is stable and democratic (as much as a capitalist country can be) now, thus all reconciliation effort must be handed to the UN, and Turkey must also end its attempts to stop that reconciliation.""Great news, rather sudden though.""the rejection of it likely comes from this \"it would have allowed both Greece and **Turkey to maintain a permanent military presence on the island, albeit with large, phased reductions in troop numbers**. \" \n\nIn fact, if you had read the wiki article it literally tells you that's the reason why.""Apparently they eat a lot of lizards."