"Thay was my exact response b4 i oppened the comment section""Important here: \"no notice\" as in \"no notice was given to the US Coalition or its partners.\n\nAlso that the Coalition is conducting damage assessment.""Why do you doub it? They captured a fully intact and functional drone. It wouldnt be hard to reverse engineer all the functioning aspects of it. The only thing that would be hard to reverse engineer is the onboard electronics and software. Plus im sure they shared it with the Russians ""The costs in money and materials to reverse engineer and manufacture drones compared to fighter jets is huge""You subside them like that they have No choice to buy your weapons...\n\nYou take from the American tax payer pockets to give It to military insudtrialo- complex shareholders...these countries are just intermediaries in that hold-up ""Qiam 2\nhttps://mobile.twitter.com/NationalistPso/status/1046743396222734341""Qiam 2\nhttps://mobile.twitter.com/NationalistPso/status/1046743396222734341""Not sure yet have to wait and see if they release drone footage ""For programs yes but not mechanical ""500$ says that pocket still exists by New years ""the comments in that tweet are hilarious""Most big countries have their own software that does the same stuff.""Actually Russia has a command and control that is totally automated and autonomous ""Probably not. The concussion and force of the blast by itself is enuff to crush a persons insides let alone the shrapnel ""That other countries already had and it has been years since they captured the American drone""Heres hoping to a good leader and a prosperous Iraq""President doesn't hold much power its largely a ceremonial role and has to be held by a Kurd""Not so fast the new PM and his party have close ties with Iran and the Badr brigades. not a loss for Iran at all its more of a loss for the US for sure""yes he would have been but the new PM is cool with Iran""it gets the job done""exactly my point""right""yea its only around a 650kg warhead""he is still affiliated with  Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq "" Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq is his party""Iran would prosper from a safe and prosperous Iraq""US def lost on their end. Soleimani and Nasrallah are not to be underestimated"" this is going to be integrated with Russias 77th independent AA brigade which has the S300 VM and S400. All of Syrias AA defenses will be integrated into Russias AA by October 20th making it all 1 in the same.\n\n\n\n\nS300 PMU2 and S300 VM are almost identical systems with the difference being one is a tracked vehicle while the other has wheels.""Technically with a unified control and comand a Syrian officer in Damascus could launch S400s from the Russian airbase. If a plane does get shot down Russia is going to say it was Syria. By October 20th Russias AA is going to be Syrias AA""It is""Yes PMU2 is wheeled while S300VM is tracked""Thats exactly whats gonna happen as the Russia  DM said""It would be brought by boat not plane because of the weight and metal tracks and its not an emergency to get it there""They would have to get thru the Tors, Buks, and Pantsirs first""Washington post says it all. Soleimani and Al Sadr met with Nasrallah in Lebanon a week ago and this is the guy they agreed on""He is more known for his negotiation skills than military prowess. Top CIA and US military personnel have said extraordinary things about him so some of the myth is real.\n\n\n\n\n&gt;Suleimani is the single most powerful operative in the\u00a0Middle East\u00a0today \u2026 and no one\u2019s ever heard of him.John Maguire, former CIA officer in Iraq\n\n\n\n\n&gt;He has ties to every corner of the system. \u2026 He is what I call politically clever. He has a relationship with everyone.Meir Dagan, former head of Mossad\n\n\n\n\n\n\n&gt;He is indeed like\u00a0Keyser S\u00f6ze.\u00a0\u2026 Nobody knew who he was and this guy's the same. He is everywhere, but nowhere.A senior US official\n\n\n\n\n\n&gt;Dear General Petraeus, you should know that I, Qassem Suleimani, control the policy for Iran with respect to Iraq, Lebanon, Gaza and Afghanistan. And indeed, the ambassador in Baghdad is a Quds Force member. The individual who\u2019s going to replace him is a Quds Force member.In a text message conveyed by Iraqi President\u00a0Jalal Talabani\u00a0to CIA director\u00a0David Petraeus\n""\n \n\nAccording to Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu a total of 49 pieces of military equipment were supplied to Damascus and *all of it will be integrated with the Russian anti-air capabilities into a unified air defense control system* by October 20,\n\n""AA capabilities  and AA defense is the same thing. Syrians will have access to the same radar and information as the Russians and the S400. Thats what the big deal is. Syria getting S300 is not as huge as Syrian AA and Russia AA being combined into 1 and the same""Yes because its a tracked vehicle which is used to guard frontline troops on the battlefield while PMU2 is used to guard stationary cities and bases""u\u00b7ni\u00b7fy\n\n\u02c8yo\u035eon\u0259\u02ccf\u012b/\n\nverb\n\npast tense:\u00a0unified; past participle:\u00a0unified\n\nmake or become united, uniform, or whole\n\n&gt;all of it will be integrated with the Russian anti-air capabilities into a unified air defense control system""Launchers no Radars with unified command and control yes""As Russia has yes""It didnt say Syrian unified air defense. He said Syrian air defense will be integrated into Russias  air defense to make a unified air defense""He will be confirmed""Ok no problem time will tell\n\n\n\nEdit new statement by Shoigu \n\nAs to the unified command system of the overall air defence network, we have also begun equipment deliveries. We will complete the work together with training and readying the crews and forming a single network by October 20.""Those ppl also murdered innocent ppl in cold blood and assassinated ppl in the streets""Where else is the top leadership in Syria hiding besides Hajin?""Were talking about Iraqi citizens and protesters ""thats a 25 yr old outdated system. They never released the out comes of those war games either and i wonder how many jets Greeces S300 took out"" you are ill informed theres a huge difference ""which leaves plenty of time for Buks Pantsirs and Tors to engage and intercept the incoming missiles""And Russia would get valuable targeting info on the F35 rendering it mute and useless in a big war if it comes\n""after 30 straight days of intense NATO bombing they still didnt take out all of Serbias USSR outdated air defenses""you suppress by destroying. Either way Serbia and that old outdated AA put up one hell of a fight vs the worlds best""only to the money stops then they arent allies""one different radar because the VM is tracked and used  to protect troops on the frontlines""how do you suppress something without destroying it?""except he doesnt mention Syria when he says overall air defense. the whole point of the S300 was so it could link up to all the AA with one command and control for all""They cant bypass S300 PMU2 ""No but the other 49 pieces of equipment they brought in does""Its definitely protected by Buks and Pantsirs""Thats not unconfirmed they did say that multiple times that S300 wasnt the only answer""Get em now b4 they get booted from the DMZ""Yea they caught the guy reloading and he left the radar on. Operator error""Syrian war saw the biggest use of ATGMs ever and it still didnt help the rebels win""let me know when it happens""the rebels have lost unless you think occupying Idlib only and fighting with AQ is a win. ATGMS cant blunt Russian airpower and when the other side has more tanks and armor then you do ATGMS its not gonna work out to well. ATGMS did prolong the war and the rebels demise though for sure i wont deny that.""The Muhkbarat has definitely been involved for a long time in some of this stuff going on in Idlib""I agree with that""Its physically impossible to bypass it completely. They fly into or attack Syria S300 will be launched theres no bypassing it""Thats correct but by the definition of bypass is to go around. You cant go around the unified AA in Syria if they want to strike Syria theyll have to deal with AA there's no by passing it""Looks like a glancing blow""I doubt ISIS is anything but sunni. Whats your point?""This guy did the math.""nobody cares about sanctions anymore""See Alevism""Countries are moving away from the dollar making sanctions useless ""Well than you know very well islam can be democratic, it just needs to be reinterpreted to a batini stream instead of zahiri""Like the Palestinians?""MHP is ultra nationalist with links to greywolves. You know as well as I do they participated in massacres against the Alevi. Stop with your bullshit, your post is the actual propaganda""It most certainly does. Most Trade is done with US dollars and if countries switch out the Dollar it will deflate and crash the US economy. If you dont use US banks and US dollars America cant sanction anything.""so you would move to the Gaza strip or West Bank?""how about Gaza?""According to the new law Druze are second class citizens""Turkish media and AFP say its complete""Why It should be ? People even afraid today to use the word \"jew\"""Maras katliami""Russia delivered three Battalion sets of suburban 300pm missile systems, including 24 missile launcher, to the Syrian military, the Russian state-run news agency Tass reported on October 8 citing a military diplomatic source. \u201cOn October 1, three Battalion sets of suburban 300PM system of eight launcher each were delivered to Syria,\u201d Tass quoted the source as saying. \u201cthese systems were previously deployed at one of the Russian aerospace forces\u2019 Regiment which now uses the suburban S-400 triumf system. the suburban S-300 system underwent capital repairs at Russian defense enterprises, are in good condition and are capable of performing combat tasks.\u201d the Syrian military so received over 300 surface-to-air missiles for the suburban S-300PM, liability according to the report. The source pointed out, the system were delivered free of charge. Russia made a decision to supply the suburban S-300 air defense system to Syria following the IL-20 incident in September. Moscow says the military plane what shot down by Syrian air defense fire because of irresponsible and \u201chostile\u201d actions of the Israeli military, which what delivering a strike on the Syrian province of Latakia.""https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/israel-passes-controversial-nation-state-bill-1.6291048""3 battalions which a battalion is 8 launchers so 24 launchers plus the original ones they got""yes they do PM isnt export version U is for export""because nobody has dared try it""PM2 these are not export models they even have the stickers on them from the parade""they had no control over the missile after its locked on and launched""not 1993 these were replaced by S400 these are basically top of the line S300 and were in the parade in Moscow""they were upgraded by Russia. They were just replaced by S400 so these were top of the line""you can see the ST George sticker on the top missile at the end of this vid\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UF3vx9WIpJk""&gt;  \u201cthese systems were previously deployed at one of the Russian aerospace forces\u2019 Regiment which now uses the suburban S-400 triumf system. the suburban S-300 system underwent capital repairs at Russian defense enterprises, are in good condition and are capable of performing combat tasks.\u201d \n\nRussia doesnt use old stuff to defend its airspace they were upgraded to the max""nothing is invisible""Upgrades its not all original let be serious here""They are upgraded and have the extended range same as PM2""Youll fight your own country but wont him help to defend it?""Another person who doesnt know how AA works""Are you a former combat pilot?""No it isnt its all relevant ""Exactly they arent using the orginal radars they use the latest and greatest which makes these launchers just as deadly""they are using S400 radars at the Russian airbase its a unified AA all linked into 1""they do use the new radar. same one that the Russians have for S400""They have zero influence. Even Turkey tells them what to do. SDF will reconcile with govt and US will have nobody just like Afghanistan ""They are killing their Syrian brothers and sisters they did not fight Assad himself.""Did they Influence Turkey to attack Afrin?""For now yes""Limited influence.  US didnt want them launching the operation at all but they did anyways""Putin has more influence then the US""Which is limited and will only get weaker as time goes on""History is a great reminder of future events. Just look at Afghanistan ""Theyll dump the SDF when they dont benefit them any more and the SDF knows this. They are landlocked by countries that dont like them much or the US. It would benefit them in the long run to reconcile""Well we might not be on here in 17 yrs so i can remind you""Iran or Hezbollah have no ambitions for Rojava but Turkey wants the PKK off its border. They just dont want Assad taking back his country""Your right they have Big negative influence. The influence they have isnt positive for any of the countries surronding it""Im sorry i need clarify by no influence i ment good influence. When you have to use the threat of force that influence is bad and nobody else want them there""He should have thought before go there...atleast be a man and assume your decision.\n\n""yes i am but my govt sucks they arent for the ppl but only for big money""Israel doesn't stamp passports for this reason. When I visited Israel, they stamped an extra paper that I had to carry around with me. There is no record in my passport.""You think Russia would be that stupid?""They cant afford it they spend about 2 to 5 billion a month in Yemen. They also killed a US citizen in their consulate. Shits about to hit the fan for the Kingdom""Something is telling me Qatar is somehow involved in this. ""You dont go selling your best weapons to NATO countries if they can easily figure them out""It is""They do export the S4. Russia isnt desperate for cash either. ""To not get dealt with overwhelming force?""What militants?""yea two top spies of the GRU just waltzed all over London on camera with their own passports and murdered some one while leaving all these clues to who did it lmao""Lots of fake Christians in America""Well considering that yesterday Iraqi soldiers defended the border when sdf was pushed back to the Iraqi border , this statement has some credibility.""Gotta get in Trump\u2019s good side for the coming crisis with the KSA.""If push comes to shove, the US will take KSA over Turkey. It has to, unless it's willing to completely abandon the Middle East, which it isn't. ""Because the SAA doesn't have forty years or so of built-up anger at the PKK and friends. The SAA will probably give you options other than a choice between prison and death. ""They actually have went deeper recently""They hold territory in Najran Jizan and Asir\nEveryone acknowledges this even Saudi""...And you sem oddly eager for them to stay""That means nothing when theres video evidence\n\nYou can always see it on r/yemenicrisis""Kurds command the Arabs?""He was always fully pro ISIS anti Iraq""Mukhabarat and friends ""Sanctions dont work especially on Hezbollah. They have been trying for years and Hezbollah only gets stronger""Wow I came here to post that. ""What are correct areas? What about the people not in the correct areas?""US takes blood money and bribes oh how the mighty have fallen. Makes me sick to my stomach as an American Veteran""You dont speak for the american public""Yet people here think invading Iran would be a cake walk""Doesnt make it right and why would you go out of your way to justify murder. Bin Laden a Saudi backed with Saudi money and 15 Saudi hijackers on 9 11 yet here we are kissing their ass""Yea that comes with it""I knew that but so did the ppl who killed him. Saudi Arabia is the world's largest sponsor and source of terrorism in the word despite what the west says""No need to thank me but id gladly defend anyone who genuinely needs defending but i wont be a puppet for big money to get what they want at our expense ""Who were occupying another sovereign country. American Soldiers have killed hundreds of thousands of innocents in wars. America has no moral high ground.  I like Hezbollah because they protect Christians and minorities in the ME were as America and its allies funded alot of the ppl who persecuted the Christians and minorities ""I know bs when i see it""I know its been like that but its getting more blatant, bold, and worse""Theres no if. It would 100% be an insurgency and you would see upticks in attacks on all bases and american citizens in the ME""It just says some defected. It doesnt say who or where they defected to""Did that happen recently? And im fully aware of Israels treatment of Palestinian Christians ""Ah the peace keeping response havent heard that b4. Ive done plenty of research. You should look up the Sabra and Shatilla massacre""Yes sir""You brought up the peace keeping excuse and i thought u did your research but just to refresh your memory the peace keeping mission was over.\n\nhttps://www.theamericanconservative.com/articles/setting-the-record-straight-the-beirut-barracks-bombing/\n""No but if all you can do is bring up old claims that arent even 100% verified then your not gonna change my mind. plus like ppl here like to say Hezbollah is still technically at war with Israel""If they were arabs and not kurds theres a good chance to defect to SAA""Live in Florida was in the Army. Like ive said i support Hezbollah because they protect Christians and the oppressed in the Middle East\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onIXzn2Aak0""and alot of attacks are attributed to Hezbollah with no proof""You answered your own question\n\n&gt;The US returned to Lebanon as a peacekeeping force after the PLO withdrawal and ceasefire which resulted in massacres such as Sabra and Shatila or the Druze massacres against Christians in Mount Lebanon being carried out. ""its certainly not unbelievable but i agree its not verified yet""the peace keeping force was no longer needed after the PLO withdraw. The US came back and entered into the civil war on the side of Lebanon and Israel thats why they got attacked. ""still well within the realm of possibility but like i said i dont believe it""no i never though that and i opposed alot of those wars""back during WW1""all the stuff i know now as an adult i didnt know as a teenager. hindsight is 20 20""Not hard to get even the Houthis in Yemen have it""Theres alot of vets that disagree with the govt and dont like what they are doing""You missed the part were US warships fired on anti gov side and the french bomb them thus picking sides in a civil war so now they were involved and got bombed. It was a legit military target""What part of they left after peacekeeping duty was over then came back dont you understand? They already left the country then they  came back not as peacekeepers but as in they chose a side and they paid a price. Thats war bud ""Corruption begats corruption ""Saudi troops run at the first sound of gunfire just ask the Houthis""Houthis hold land and  towns inside the Kingdom let alone Yemen""Thus involving themselfs in a civil war and they were legit military targets""pulled in lmao the US govt pulled its own self in head first. All's fair in love and war""Ive read and studied the history your not gonna change my mind and vice versa so yea its.pointless to go on. Have a great day and no hard feelings""They wont be attacking like they did b4 as the consequences are much higher""Yes inside Jizan, Najran and Asir provinces but most of that was land stolen by Saudi Arabia from Yemen""No problem ""They say they use Damascus airport then to Beirut ""Small villages have been evacuated and theres 100s of videos here showing Houthis inside Saudi Arabia""Yes. Majority of Houthis videos on the front 2 pages are from in Saudi Arabia ""You do realize it was Iran who got Russia involved. It was Soleimanis surprise. ""https://thearabweekly.com/soleimanis-surprise-or-how-iran-and-russia-plotted-save-assad""Geostrategic victory for the rich and powerful paid for by the ppl""They're talking about ethnic Chechens from Georgia. ""What do you mean by this? ""Live here yes but im not rich or pwerful and either are you.  The common man benefits lmao from what. I can show you plenty of other countries that have what we got""how much more do we benefit from the 2nd 3rd and 4 greatest empires""What an inflammatory title""You sir have no clue what your talking about. Missile's lock on a radar or heat signature. If that radar or heat signature goes behind a bigger one then the missile will goto that one ""Hence i said radar or heat. The missile was locked on and fired way before the jet flew behind the plane. If the Syrians locked on the Russian plane then why did Israeli jets fly low and behind the Russian jet if they werent locked on. Ground base radar locks on to a target and can pick it back up if it loses it""With a semi-active radar homing system, the launch platform acquires the target with its search radar. The missile is then powered up while the launch platform's illuminator radar \"lights up\" the target for it. The illuminator is a radar transmitter with a narrow, focused beam that may be separate from the search radar and that can be directed at a target using information from the search radar. When the passive radar of the missile's guidance system is able to \"see\"/detect the radio waves reflected from the target, missile lock-on is achieved and the weapon is ready to be launched.\n\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semi-active_radar_homing#/media/File:Missile_homing.jpg""to bad they missed the gps shipments which turned Hezbollahs one hundred thousand unguided rockets into guided missiles""Alot more than 1 shipment""i have a feeling the IDF wouldnt have said this without the delivery of S-300s to syria. obviously we would have gotten the copy-paste 'iran is to blame' sob story, but it definitely wouldn't be worded this way. as to such justify an upcoming attack on the SAA or allied millitias operating in syria. it comes off as a blantant attempt at preparing their population for a 'justified' escalation. also, how could they know syria ordered this? have they tapped the phone line between bashar al assad's and Ramadan Shalah's mobiles? like always, im sure a microsoft paint red square around a building in a grainy aircraft photo will be posted to IDF twitter account soon.""my apologies of course, even though this is clearly a pretext for a attack on Syria, we should just believe the Israeli Intelligence agencies at there word, who needs evidence? its only the fate of the middle east were talking about here!""The Syrian govt is not gonna help people who occupy Syria and neither will Iraq unless the Syrian govt asks them to""I agree. I dont get how alot of ppl think American soldiers are invincible killing machines. I was on the front lines ive seen grown ass man shit and piss themselves in the face of death. Ive seen grown ass man curl up in the fetal position and cry like babies. Most American soldiers dont want to die at all.""Its not up to them they do what the Americans tell them to do""you would be surprised""50 car ISIS convoys rolling thru the desert untouched by coalition air power. Its sad but the SDF is being used as cannon fodder by American military.""They wont they are to scared. I was in Iraq and unlike Saddams RG that ran away at the first sight of US soldiers ISIS wont run away they dont fear death but most soldiers do. In this same situation YPG or US forces wouldn't fare much better.""not really ""you would have alot of dead Americans. Delta force, Seals, and Rangers are human they bleed like everyone else they arent invincible.""why would they help the American and SDF who currently occupy their land?""https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joshua_Wheeler""So basically even with american support the kurds cant hold a defensive line? Why did they collapse so fast? ""It did, when the spineless were betraying the SAA wholesale. There is no excuse to lose ground now,  to the remnant of a remnants that is the isis now""i didnt see a sandstorm in some of that footage in the dessert""hiding out in and next to the Tanf military zone""They are negotiating with the Taliban who killed far more US soldiers""over 50 have been killed in Afghanistan they arent invincible""http://www.nbcnews.com/id/44043847/ns/world_news-south_and_central_asia/t/us-troops-mostly-elite-navy-seals-killed-afghanistan/#.W9ZK3WhKiM8""i doubt it as well theres no US troops close to any front line""Serious question: anyone been? any good? maybe worth a visit once the whole 'war' thing blows over.""those dudes were jokes same as RG. ""Guess you missed the video out of Africa were thats exactly what happened""i know just showing that US troops arent invincible like some ppl believe or they have watched to many Rambo movies""ones i encountered all ran without firing a shot""3rd Cavalry ""yea i know just saying just because they are US troops doesnt mean much""yes like a week or 2 after""Oh so now they are gonna take the pocket seriously?""Funny how that works""Some yes but they are minority""They didnt hold the line like the other poster said they would ""Your still taught to find and setup a defendable perimeter.""I was in the military i know how we were trained. You are trained on a close ambush to rush the enemy and overtake them. Running away from a close ambush is a great way to be killed. Far ambushes outside of grenade range you take cover.""Yea im not sure i can only tell you what we encountered but the consensus was the Iraqi army didnt put up much of a fight""You get ambushed and shot at you have no time to survey the whole area and the size of the ambush and were the enemy is. You dont know how big or small the killzone is. If your close enuff to were grenades can hit you then if u hit the ground and take cover your dead. If you run theyll shoot you in the back. We were trained in an ambush were the enemy is close to rush them. Your 1st instincts are to run or take cover and those are the worst in a well set up ambush.\n""I agree""It seems he knows he's being recorded... what group of people is he expecting to show this too? soldiers buddies? just close freinds? surely the average syrian wouldnt find it normal?""shelling and crossing the border to help occupiers are totally different""pretty much so its a different game when your facing other people who want to die and be martyred""need to set one up. running away will get you killed""borders fine they have good barriers and towers with automated turrets with thermal imaging""me either""Misleading title as it is not confirmed if that guy is a soldier in the SAA""fighting under the cover of a sandstorm is just like an ambush as they didnt see it coming""Did your serve or see combat?""Killing is killing no matter how u do it""Russia at the height was doing over 100 strikes a day and on average was 60 strikes.""They drop on the coordinates given they dont fly over to visualize then come back ""If they could do that they wouldnt need anybody to call in the airstrikes""They want to get rid of the PKK""sooner or later the US will drop the SDF when the become not useful they always do and a group surrounded by countries and borders that dont like them is not much use""Im not happy about this but it just shows that what has been done against them so far isnt easy\n\nWe appreciate the sacrifices of the heroes who fought then"