"Which channel is that?""Why was I downvoted? I asked which telegram channel they ara sharing these messages to follow. I'm an active Telegram user.""That operation conducted right after the coup attempt which leaved the army in shock and conducted by special forces commander which was unsuccessful with armor after second army commander got control of tanks absurd casualties by atgms stopped""Hint: it won't happen. \n\n\nThe SDF is a dictatorship just like the Assad government.  ""Turkey offered to protect the city with their own soldiers alongside usa, fsa will not enter manbij  But usa is still stalling.""Because ypg is kck affiliated and direct thread to turkey. Whether they \"allow\" or not doesnt matter. They will not stay there forever. Turkey offers a choice without further bloodshed.""This could be an article from 2015 because they keep repeating the same threat over and over again. \n\nHonestly it's surprising to me that they went into Al Bab and Afrin after repeating it for Months, maybe there is some truth in this threat ?  \n\nWhy let the enemy know when you're coming ? Just do it and catch them unprepared.  ""&gt;I'm sure a bunch of Syrians with AKs are no danger to the nation of  Turkey. Especially since the PKK have been getting their shit kicked in.\n\nThey are not bunch of syrians with aks,they are literally getting armed to the teeth by usa and still gets military help even isis is nearly destroyed. They have heavy mgs,atgms,high caliber mortars,armored vehicles,trucks with 50 cals etc Usa supplied them arms enough for a small army. Ypg has far superior weaponry comparing pkk.\n\n&gt;Good thing [the YPG left Manbij](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-manbij/all-kurdish-ypg-have-left-syrias-manbij-local-militia-idUSKBN1K5113).\n\nNah they did not and even usa doesnt believe its own propoganda. Every nation who has intelligence assets in the field knows this.\n\n&gt;The people of Manbij and it's countryside have been ravaged by radical Islam far too much. Leave them alone.\n\nAs i said before,there will be no fsa present acording to deal between usa and turkey.If you want to claim turkey will bring jihad or radical islam with its own secular army i really dont know what to say.\n\nIf usa wants to prevent further bloodshed [they should keep their promises](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-usa/u-s-will-take-weapons-from-kurds-after-islamic-state-defeat-turkey-idUSKBN19D10J) collect all heavy weapons from ypg and give solid guaranties that northern syria will not become kck breeding ground under ypg control.\n\n&amp;#x200B;""They have their weapons and support from usa but they are not that stupid,unprovoked direct attack against turkey will get their total annihilation.Instead they provide logistics,manpower,intelligence and weapons to other kck affiliated groups operates inside turkey.""Whataboutism much? We are talking about ypg here,if you dont have any answer regarding to that dont answer at all.""Are you reading what im writing or not? There will be no tfsa or fsa or any other rebel group,just two offical armies of united states and turkey patrolling together. Everything will be reported and supervised by both armies not proxies.""He didn't say that.  He said nowadays ulusal kanal is as trustworthy as akp's media. ""Yes and the PKK is on the American and EU (therefore most NATO countries) Terror lists, correct ? ""stop with the SDF / YPG / XYZ is not related to the PKK meme already. Their own fighters confirmed it multiple times and their apo worshipping is pretty clear.   \n\nAnd no, the USA didn't delist the PKK.""No, they do certainly. But i won't believe every bullshit post on twitter without any proof.  \n\n""Turkish drones even captured their road blocking etc. and the UN even reported on YPG blocking civilian movement...   ""How about finally banning certain users which constantly shit on the rules but get away due to their bias and good relations to some mods ?""A common ground that both sides can agree on: Turkey""Turkey has a long border with Syria, while Qatar does not. Syria can do nearly nothing against Qatar, but can do something against Turkey with the help of Gulf Countries. Arab countries want to decrease Turkey\u2019s influence on MENA after Iran. No doubt that their discussions were about money, reconstructing cities, Iran, and Turkey""Rough everyday for kck. 80+ killed this week including red listed one blew himself up today after cornered by commandos.""The Al-Rai police has nothing to do with Afrin and the battles on the front line . \n\nWhy would anyone target a local police force in another area unrelated to their cause which doesnt even participate in battles ?  \n""Many of them are also recruited from the civilian population so its a mix between ex-rebels and civilians. \n\nafaik Turkey had some kind of police academy for the FSP where the applicants (mostly Syrian Refugees from the Area) were educated &amp; trained for their duty as police officers.  \n\nI can understand the rebellion in Afrin and local support for these Militias, but \nAl-Rai was already Turkmen dominated before ES and the presence of PYD linked militias won't get any support from the local population like in Afrin, so this attack seems pointless to me.     \n\nShowing their presence won't have the same effect as in Afrin.  ""Add MIT to that list. \n\nHTS , TIP, AQ and other rebel group members who were against the recent idlib deal got killed.     \nThey are definitely active in Syria and have proven that by kidnapping a man in Govt-controlled Latakia responsible for a terrorist attack in Turkey.""Sorry if this get's too offtopic or personal but how does one pursue such a career ? \n\nHow did it start ? I'm genuinely interested in such a story. ""Like Iran, Russia, US or Saudis. Not that it makes it okay but nothing out of the norm really considering SCW became about who will the country be the proxy of, many years ago.\n\nI'd rather have Turkey stay away from this mess in any case.""Because one man with a clear line of sight could take out the commander in moments. Causing damage to their hierarchy?""You must be referring to YPG or this comment is way too wrong.""I am very sorry to say but at first I thought this was coming from an NSFW subreddit. r/titlegore""Saudies literally used consulate immunity to murder him cut him to the pieces and smuggle the pieces out with 15 agents. I wonder what will be the response. ""Obviously an Austrian knows turkish politics better than actual turks. \n\n\nMHP is not ultra-nationalist anymore(fascist lmao). They're basically AKP 2.0 right now.  \n\n""&gt;\"Regrettably, the situation in the eastern bank of the Euphrates is  causing growing alarm,\" she said. \"As a matter of fact the Americans  rule the roost in this zone with reliance on their Kurdish allies.\"  \n&gt;  \n&gt;\"The efforts they exert to form in Transeuphratia some special  administration that does not agree with Syria\u2019s current constitution  yield results that are far from positive,\" Zakharova said.  \n&gt;  \n&gt;\"Such attempts to build a quasi-state annoy the non-Kurdish population - Arabs, Assyrians and Turkomans,\" Zakharova said.  \n&gt;  \n&gt;\"The locals are particularly angry over the arbitrariness of the US-sponsored local security service.\"\n\n&amp;#x200B;""Yeah its weird,they didnt get this much backlash even after they bombed a school bus in yemen and killed 40+ children.""How could they make their ties with PKK even clearer?""Then they'd get more shit by the US.   \n\nTurkey is at least in NATO and problems can be solved diplomatically, but once it's gone to assad the US will lose control completely.    \n \n\n""After releasing Pastor, this shouldn't surprise anyone.""They were always positive about leaving tiny piece of land for isis to control. Now and then low intensity clashes between sdf and isis also suits them.""Dude everything is conspiracy theory if its somehow againts ypg's agenda.""If Salih ever commented on here his posts would be considered shitposts. \n\nUnbelievable arrogance.  ""Which one is the democratic entity ?""Its not good enough excuse comparing to defeating isis,you just cant invade 1/3 of some country to stop iran's activities on that country. No one buys that except israel and saudies.""If i am not remembering wrong they also stormed at an Airforce Intelligence office""More like 4 sand bag dead 3 injured acording to video they posted. And they even give random names to injured sand bags.""Nah we cant clearly see who is dead or injured,guy ducking his head to the cover doesnt mean he got shot to the head also you can clearly use made up names for your alleged killings,maybe people here doesnt used to this but i am. Pkk also uses non existed soldiers name and kill count on their reports time to time.""Another cold blooded execution of civilian. Same propoganda,same wording,exact style with pkk. They also call every civilian they kill(doctors,teachers,construction workers and engineers etc) intelligence agents.""When ypg arrests its own men or men from other factions like dmz after alleged looting and killing, reaction is \"Ypg will fight to the end bring justice and stability to the region\" When tfsa does that reaction is \"Fighting for dominance and the plunder of Afrin\". The bias is getting out of hand.   \n\n\nEdit:Actually nevermind,source is hardcore pkk supporter.Should have expected that kind of wording.""Obviously they wont take random civilian of the street and execute them. Even they are not that stupid but executing civilians in the middle of the night like that is pure terrorism no matter what you call them(intelligence agent,double agent whatever suits your propoganda) Also about the statements they make; its not like that statements are UN announcements,they are literaly shady group like qiyam and randomly accuse and kill people on daily basis, Its very logical for people to not give credibility to their statements.""Looks like im going to Idlib border guys, it\u2019ll be 500km""What Operation ? \n\nThey're wasting time on the Hajin front for almost a year now. ""Japanese don\u2019t feel that they need to intervene everywhere, even a dead journalist\u2019s mother apologized to the public for causing trouble to the country. A much different culture and mindset. Not to mention ingrained pacifism that causes isolationism as well, they don\u2019t think the state should chase every single citizen across the world at the cost of public, both materially and polticially.""It is military position dude. Its location is not choosen according to trees or graves, You can't randomly build a military building anywhere just because it is empty. It has to be somewhere strategically advantageous.""They are pretty actively pacifistic still, Abe\u2019s reform efforts to rearm the country is met with big protests and people are actively trying to uphold the inability to wage war which is nearly universally unthinkable still. It might have been forced upon them but new generations raised like that embraced it mostly form what I see. WWII trauma and the occupation regressed them to not only isolation but also nurtured pacifism.\n\nMoreover, the mindset and culture over there prioritizes not the individual but the society, so these journalists might be regarded as adventurers without a legitimate cause to be bailed out. I doubt the Japanese care about Syria much in the first place so they would not be bothered if they did not get first hand news from there. I am not sympathizing but I get where they come from. Turkish society is a bit like that, you can find people saying \u201cwhat was he doing there, who asked him to go\u201d or similar comments in a similar situation unless the person involved was on duty from the government, more than \u201clet\u2019s go rescue him\u201d comments.""Erdo\u011fan probably make such a statements hundred more times and when everyone start to call his statements BS, operation will begin lol. ""Kinda reminds the saying with a broken clock...""Hatay, Idlib, Afrin are close to Latakia and Aleppo, war is not just about air superiority. Turkey has modernized military which enables them to engage from both long and close ranges. Howitzers, MLRS, Guided missiles. Turkey has also its military and proxies. I belive there is an underestimation as YPG did in Afrin. In a short term war SAA can damage Turkey but in the long term (which wont happen as long as there is Russia) Turkey can mobilize its units and take even Aleppo. I believe in a serious SAA vs Turkey case, USA, Britan and France even take a step to bombard SAA\u2019s air defence capacity""I believe S-300 does not turn the situaiton on the opposite side. It is very effective but I think Turkish Army has been thinking about how to dismantle it from the time rumours started to spill. Israel may have intelligence on the S-300 but they stopped exchanging intelligence with Turkey. Turkey most probably have too.""How could this happen ? \n\nDang, 41 Men. That's a heavy loss. RIP. ""Sandstorm and ISIS, name a more iconic duo. Still you got caught and call it \u201cSurprising attack\u201d.  This statement is more surprising than the attack.""Well, given that there are many Islamists and Salafist in Turkey, evading direct fighting also helped Turkey to maintain possible civil problems. Also Turkey has been dealing with PKK, fighting at the same time wasn\u2019t a good idea. Isis and Turkey had some unwritten agreement on not attacking each other. That was very pragmatical till a time.""Well, if it went like that (I mean being soft towards salafist) i was expecting ISIS to start grouping and attacking Tutkish Forces, which would be more bloddier than PKK terrorism. Thank God didn\u2019t happen. I don\u2019t think it will happen in the next decade but I dont know about the other one. Iraq and Syria will decharge Turkish Salafist if some kind of group emerges right there.""Collapsed because of PKK stacking weapons, assasinating locals, taking control of cities like Nusaybin. Pkk took enough advantage of it and misused it. Don\u2019t let mainstream mislead you. I was there when the ceacefire was active and collapsed.""PKK is a terrorist group, and they used this 'so called' peace process to arm themselves rather giving up their weapons. What would you expect Turkey to do? Wait more and lose your mainland? During the ceasefire PKK brought thousands of youngs to the mountains and to the syria. They armed themselves and sustained the lack of man power in the north syria and \u0131raq. Well, if you want peace you need to give something too. Maybe disarming your weapons in Turkey? They didnt, so Turkey did. Nowadays they are not very capable of doing attacks. They lost their ground, support, youth. You are clearly looking at the topic from a side underestimating Turkey's interest, what they did, what they got in return. What would happen if Turkey didn't treat wounded YPG members in Ayn Al Arab? Or what would happend if they didnt let Peshmarga to go Ayn Al Arab? They would definitely lose it. Turkey was even late to bombard PKK. ""I'm not a government supporter, I was criticizing every mistake they made during that time. I don't follow mainstream tv, I get the information directly from the ground.""Yeah they are quite incompetent,almost everytime they gain territory they had air and artillery support from coalition(every isis territory) and russia(tal rifat when they took it from fsa). They wait for place to be leveled by these superpowers first and enter with their militants after.""YPG was building trenches, their constructions were hit.""\"Getting canned by woo insurgency\" sure ambusing lonely patrols and managed to kill same number as turkey killed in ob operation in only one day and have zero effect on the ground. Atleast capture some points and hold on to it and make propoganda about that... oh wait,even their founders, the pkk couldnt managed to do that for once in turkey for nearly 50 years and lost 40k militant for it.""There were like 10 airstrikes in a meter there.Usaf completely destroyed that place. People here really thinks ypg is something else,if coalition wouldnt stepped in(im glad they did or they would be obviously a genocide by isis against syrian kurds a whole not only ypg militants) there would be no ypg or any kurdish organisation in syria now.""If you know bit history this is very fun to watch because this is the same thing that happened at Cyprus too""Just checked your post history; fastest block of my life.""Well one thing scw showed that any tank can be destroyed easly by advanced atgms like tow or milan. You just have to aim safe and sound from 5km away let the weapon do its thing and pull the trigger,thats it. Saa lost its %80 of armor division to these atgms supplied by foreign powers.  \n\n\nAlso how did they stood their ground exactly in afrin? They got reinforcements from everywhere even from saa. The battle was expected lasting longer than ES operation because of very dense mountains and well protected cities but ypg just got humiliated and run from fight after they suffered heavy loses in like 2 month,they had 5 year of preparation for defending against this kind of operation and even had concrete tunnels and bunkers.""I wouldnt call it a determination considering its by far longest operation of the scw history considering small territory also landlocked by saa from abu kamal,iraq by al qaim and ypg rest. Also you have best airforce in the world backing you. There is something else going on there,they dont want to finish it because isis is only leverage they had left or they are really incompetent.""He did the same before the Olivebranch Operation, then everbody stopped taking him seriously. He will say it hundred more times then will do it. ""I still find this patrols meaningless from the Turkish side. SDF is still in the town and MMC is prepared by SDF/YPG. TAF shared every patrol they made on twitter as if it is something important. Still can't undertsand where this process will go. Even RTE admitted things didn't go as planned in Manbij, this goes to nowhere.""Altogether ignorant of the events, a misleading account. YPG had its chance to sever ties with PKK back then, they did not. There can be no good relations when YPG is openly playing brothers with PKK. Turkey\u2019s economy and stability depends on PKK and its affiliates to be curbed down, not to mention the safety of its citizens.\n\nIn fact PKK moved in militants to towns deserted by the police and military, not the other way around. PKK did not negotiate in good faith, instead building up and arming forces in cities. Today whole opposition to Erdogan specifically hates him for trying to make peace to secure Kurd votes.\n\nErdogan flip flops based on how many votes he can get. He went for Kurds for, then nationalists. Turkey\u2019s security challenge never changes though, PKK and its affiliates should be eliminated from Turkish soil and their camps across border should be dismantled. YPG has to ditch PKK connections to avoid Turkey. They cannot have it both ways.""Except PKK in Turkey is practically obliterated except crossing from the borders, PKK lost all towns it used to hold at the renewal of the conflict and PKK bombings and other attacks across the country is at its lowest in years, no attack in big cities for a long time now.\n\nIt is not Erdogan\u2019s achievement though, he was the one who prevented TAF and police from going after PKK, he merely removed that restriction and PKK was curbed down in a year.""Quite emberassing for coalition and \"most effective fighting force againts isis\" tbh""&gt; Interesting\n\nIt isn't, Turkey is an enemy of YPG, there is nothing interesting about Turkey hitting YPG or any other KCK affiliates.""As an American, would you agree with armed gangs, drug lords and mafias ending their armed struggle in exchange for having autonomy in the cities they are in? Would you agree with ISIS enforcing sharia, overriding secular law for Muslims in USA for cessation of hostilities? Would you agree to white supremacists owning slaves at the exchange of them not shooting up people randomly?\n\nFor several reasons, no:\n\n\\- T-word and armed coercion should never be rewarded, (a concept USA is familiar with I believe) there will be more down that way. When another faction pops up demanding something, it'll be a nightmare to stop it.\n\n\\- Autonomy is a terrible idea in this part of the world, it's merely a pre-cursor to an attempt at secession where millions would die, rather than hundreds/thousands.\n\n\\- PKK activity increases during peace processes, reduces when fighting them. Just Turkey outliving them like FARC until they give up for just amnesty seems to be a better idea realistically.""&gt; strong historical parallel of Turkey not caring, or even supporting ISIS, \n\nlol .\n\n\n&gt;YPG which I am still unconvinced is an actual tangible threat to Turkey\n\nwell,it's up to Turkey i think.""First: YPG =/= *the Kurds*\n\nYPG is one Kurdish organization among many. Kurds don't have a single country and are not a monolithic political entity. Which Kurds do you mean? KRG? YPG? Some other?\n\nYou seem to be ignorant of the history then: Turkey participated in many NATO and UN missions across the world together with its western allies, while YPG merely is doing what it needs to survive and thrive for its own benefit. When did YPG fight with you guys anywhere else when it had nothing to benefit? I rest my case.\n\nThreat of sanctions would merely rally more Turks behind Erdogan, even his opposition. Nobody would be able to criticize Erdogan in his actions because they would look like siding with foreign agendas.""First things first: Many Turks hate Erdogan, yet being against PKK is not an Erdogan thing. Just because Trump is fighting ISIS doesn't mean Trump opposers are okay making peace with ISIS. On the contrary, it's a nation-wide, clear-cut issue.\n\nTurkey already is in that conflict for 35 years. The economy and stability already is hurt. More importantly, many human lives are lost or affected. Yet it's not Turkey that started it, it's a conflict in Turkish soil, it's not like Turkey invaded Afghanistan, Vietnam or something.\n\nLet me correct you again: It was PKK which renewed hostilities by executing two policemen in their home, it's a widely known fact which can be found with little research. Turkey can build anything on its own sovereign soil, be it barracks or whatever. If anything, it was PKK which formed 'youth militias' and armed them, cutting off access of non-Kurds and officials to some towns and neighborhoods. These armed gangs declared independence right away, digging up trenches and planting IEDs everywhere when Turkey retaliated, the worst insurrection events in modern Turkish history.\n\nTurkey has no problem with Kurds, there are over 15 million Kurds living peacefully across all Turkey. What you're saying is something like \"Europe is fighting Muslims\" whenever ISIS bombs somewhere in Europe.\n\nUSA will ditch YPG whenever their own agenda suits them so, it's a matter of Israeli-Iran relations more than anything. It's PKK that sabotages projects in SE Turkey and kidnap or murder workers and teachers so they can recruit from an unemployed, uneducated population. Because nobody in their right mind who has a job and education would waste their life trekking mountains and end up dying young.""That depends on the actual outcome. Getting fully absorbed, yes. Sanctioned by Syrian state in a situation reminiscing 90s where Hafez Assad housed Ocalan in Damascus and hosted PKK camps, no. Let's recall that when Turkey finally threatened war that Assad sent Ocalan packing in a chain of events that led to his capture.\n\nThe benefits of anyone affiliated to PKK not being situated right across the border with training camps and weapon supplies is very apparent. While I don't personally wish for such a scale conflict and think that it should be avoided if possible, YPG could always do that so far, cutting all ties to PKK and going its own way. They haven't, instead relying on US servicemen lives as shields. So, there doesn't seem to be an end to this conflict just yet, unfortunately.""When Assad was fighting ISIS, USA &amp; France etc bombed Damascus, is it because they support ISIS then? Or is it just enemy of one's enemy does not mean it's a friend always?\n\nGrasping to straws there.""Like 'UK support for ISIS' when you bomb Assad, right?\n\nEverybody on the world is fighting ISIS, fighting an enemy of ISIS doesn't mean you support ISIS. Then US, UK, France, Iran, Iraq, Syria, YPG would all be ISIS supporters with the mindset you're proposing.""You're merely spinning the narrative for your own bias. Al Qaeda gets bombed when they actively fight ISIS, even results in AQ suspending hostilities to 'team-up against crusaders'. That doesn't mean USA is supporting ISIS.\n\nYour so-called historical instances are all done in the same vein so nothing new there really. ""The 'interesting' comment proposes that Turkey is actively supporting ISIS to sabotage an offensive against it, which is refuted by another user to which you tried to support that first accusation, which this time I refuted. While your intention might not be an accusation, what you're practically doing is just so in effect.\n\nBottom line is, it'd be moronic to not take advantage of an enemy's weakness, even if they're also fighting ISIS, aliens, Nazi zombies, demons from hell etc.""Nice bait but no thanks.""[\u201cIt\u2019s all PKK but different branches,\u201d Ms. Ruken said, clad in fatigues  in her encampment atop Sinjar Mountain this spring as a battle with  Islamic State fighters raged less than a mile away at the mountain\u2019s  base. \u201cSometimes I\u2019m a PKK, sometimes I\u2019m a PJAK, sometimes I\u2019m a YPG.  It doesn\u2019t really matter. They are all members of the PKK.\u201d](https://www.wsj.com/articles/americas-marxist-allies-against-isis-1437747949)\n\nObjective enough?""They were devastated when saa won the race to capture abu kamal. After that they really didnt care about isis there. Same goes for deir ez zor. Usa really didnt like that two places are not in their proxies hands.""The last two videos of YPG and PKK are pretty 'meh'. Hits are not very good. No casualties. Not a good way to do PR. This time they hit a personel carrier.\n\nEdit: It's not an ACV, looks like BMC 235-16P Utility Truck\n\nEdit: It was most prolly Konkurs, 13k each missile.""What a waste of atgm.""I clearly know they don't pay it, I look from the price/performance perspective. You can relax, we are not swearing to you.""That truck(unimog) probably cost less than that atgm,also its empty and most importantly they are striking a target(unarmed truck btw) inside turkey. Not a smart move,that will only increase number of the strikes drastically.We can see precise airstrikes too in the coming days.""Nah thats pretty much how war on terrorism works. Ypg is not a state recognized by international community and proven sub branch of pkk which is terrorist organization recognized by both us and eu. If usa or any country can come from 10.000 km away to syria and strike syrian branch of alqaeda,isis etc(whoever they see as national threat) Turkey has too every right to strike against these targets.""&gt; So Turkey gets to decide what is and what isn't a threat?\n\nThat's how it works.\nyes. period.\n""(ISIS storms YPG during a sandstorm, takes back several villages and hits casualties)\n\nYPG: We will stop our military operations because Turkey shelling us.\n\nI am pretty sure that is the reason...""A vehicle has been damaged,no casualties. TSK said.""Yes, but that's totally unrelated to this discussion.""&gt;perfectly acceptable to attack Turkey in defence of Rojava?\n\nPerfectectly acceptible=/=expected/not interesting.   \n\n\nIt's expected, and it's happening.   \n\n\nBut totally ridiculous that anonymous internet users with hostile to those entities talking about what they perceive as a threat and what not.""Yeah, only 1:100 kill ratio without much support from the largest air force in the world. :/""&gt;there\u2019s going to be an invasion.\n\nfor last 6 years...""People who says \u201cErdogan is bluffing\u201d for these statemens now started to use same statements to support \u201cYPG will witdraw from the operation\u201d. The same happened before and during the Afrin, then they cried Coalition to stop Turkey. \n\nThese shellings has been happening for years, there isn\u2019t much mobilization from TAF, but there is among the NFL. \n\nNo matter what they do, we have our goals to have a buffer zone till Iraqi border. We will push harder to make it even if there is no ISIS or some other groups. YPG = ISIS for us.""anonymous internet users are irrelevant to such discussions entirely""You logic collapses even in basic philosophical assumtions. We see both YPG and ISIS same, no less. One is jihadist, the other one so called Marxist who has been clearly linked to PKK which is responsible from thousands of martys. We don\u2019t care if you kill ISIS or not, you are the diffrent faces of a coin for the most of the Turkey, not just for nationalists and conservativists.""It wasn't named as AQ but another abbreviation for it under 'different leadership', different name in a different region, does that kind of rebranding sound familiar?""Let the professionals finish the job. Saa and ruaf can take it without a problem if usaf doesnt meddle in.""That's the difference between us, for you, anyone who doesn't strike you is conditionally okay, not for me.""&gt; Is the SDF the same as the YPG?\n\nSDF is a coaliton YPG is the biggest member and dominant one.\n\nSunni and Shia islam divide **was** political, mostly about order of Caliphs. Someone more religious can make a much better explaining.""Looks like a morale boost attempt after their failure in Hajin.""Ayn al Arab (or you call it Kobane)  was sieged by ISIS, no need for Turkey to allow free travel. On the other hand, YPG members treated in Turkish hospitals with my tax. Turkey also sent 2k trucks load of Humanitarian aid. Turkey also helped Pashmerge to go Kobane. During the Syrian Civil War many militants from ISIS to YPG, FSA to HTS crossed to border at the night time. This didnt happen only from Turkish side, it also happened from other borders. So your claim is also false.""It is the age of porxy war bro, dont you know it? I assume you don't because Turkey backs NFL / FSA. Turkey has connections with HTS but does not support it. We have proxies, Iran has proxies, USA has proxies, everyone has proxies. But stop acting like HTS and ISIS are our proxy. If you are trying to find these Jihadists' source, go and have a look at the exporters of the Salafism, Fundemantalism. We have no problem with Kurds, we have problems with the terrorist organization, which killed thousands of our citizens, and their diffrent named groups in Syria such as YPG,HXP,YPJ or even umbrella organization SDF. If you want more you an even add Military Councils set up by the YPG. Stop blaming everyone who are against YPG and supports Turkey as a ISIS supporter.""Also don't forget [YPG paraded bodies of FSA fighters - NSFW](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSQDSnpepF8) few years ago. They remembered that during Afrin operation."