"Mattis will be out before Assad""US is pretty much responsible for the camp there isnt anything the Syrian government can do""A meme lmao this has been around long b4 memes and the internet existed. So religous ppl are naive and brainwashed? I can show you plenty of videos of guys standing out in the open shots flying by and nades dropping and they dont care. Hell i dont fear death they even called my crazy when i was in the army""Yes Nasrallahs son was killed by the IDF so wasnt Mughniyas son and most of his family. Shia revere martydom more than others of course not all would do it as they are better off alive for the cause. Then you have the Houthis who revere martydom and when your family has been killed and you got nothing left to live for its just that much easier. ISIS is a whole different story""It can be both""They dont""They have been training on this old system for years and it seems they still havent figured it out""They are joining militia's under the command of Hezbollah not Hezbollah proper""Truer words have yet to be uttered ""Any rebellion will be crushed swiftly. Majority of the regime populated areas are fine with the govt and the others have left or are in Idlib""Western support is most certainly needed in countries like Syria for a revolution to suceed""It would be crushed faster than this one""In Idlib maybe but not in govt held areas""Absolute collapse. Just about anything could defeat the kurds in syria, where they were settled enmasse about a century ago and now are trying to carve an ethnostate""Western regimes were funding this way b4 they entered""Gulf state funding includes American money""There were some legitimate peaceful protesters but just like the Maidan and Egypt protests there were ppl there with ulterior motives ""It's been proven correct, but not by Assad. He didn't crack down hard enough, and consequently did lose control over a lot of the masses. The counterexamples are Sisi, Bahrain, and Eastern Province. They also show that it's important not to do half-measures: if you're going to crush them, do it, even if you have to gun them down by the thousand. Don't compromise, don't give concessions - that only emboldens them - just put them down.""They're all facing basically the same structural issue: large, young populations and nothing for them to do, and not enough water, arable land, or (for some of them) oil money to go around, with climate change steadily making it worse. I've no idea what the solution is, or if there even is one, but no political reforms short of fully automated luxury communism are going to cut it. \n\nActually, scratch that, I do know what the solution is. It's the same thing it's always been when you've got lots of restless young men and not enough to go around: go start a war, conquer somebody, and take their stuff. Don't think that's really an option. ""America's track record at training local forces is abysmal. Right now the NATO-trained Afghan army is slowly but steadily losing to the Taliban, despite the continued direct support of the US. I doubt it'll go any better in Iraq. ""The Usual suspects know this guys a hack and spews alot of bs""The old imperial powers used to manage it perfectly well: sepoys, askaris, gurkhas, Force Publique (in an evil way, but still), Anglo-Egyptian army, even the Arab Revolt. It's why they could manage such vast territories with so few troops. The complete inability of the US to put together a native force that's even something close to decent is not the norm. It's not a new problem, either; goes back at least to Vietnam, where ARVN collapsed in 1975 as completely as the Iraqis did in Mosul. ""No he didn't. The Egyptian coup was on July 3rd. Five weeks later, Rabaa happened. Saudi armor crossed into Bahrain four weeks after the start of the protests there. Five weeks into the Syrian uprising, Assad was lifting the state of emergency and dismissing the cabinet, and the Syrians didn't deploy armored vehicles until months after the initial protests. On a per-capita basis, the GCC intervention in Bahrain was the equivalent of the Syrians deploying 60,000 troops to crush the protests. I'm not completely sure that the SAA has had 60,000 troops actively engaged at any one time in the entire war. Assad compromised and tried to limit escalation where Egypt and KSA escalated immediately and deployed overwhelming force as soon as they could manage it, and that was a mistake. ""so just look past the thousands of Americans that died fighting the Taliban and the billions of dollars we spent over there instead of on the US?""doesn't the country have conscription so... technically most men have some kind of military background and can be classed as 'SAA'? seems like a way of making a propaganda victory out of the hundreds of rebels who sought amnesty and joined the ranks of the SAA.""Yeah, they're harder. It's infinitely easier to manage and organize such a force when you've got planes, telephones, and the internet. Power-hungry incompetent clients are not something that only America has had to deal with.""Wait till ISIS is totally defeated in Syria this will kick off alot more""You didn't answered to the post runforeststop post because he destroyed all your one sided argumentation...and Wikipedia links won't help you.""He absolutely despises Hezbollah so of course he will lie and slander them but seeing the amount of down votes he has across these posts it seems most people have the common sense to know the real facts""You're just trying to justify israeli warcrimes and illegal actions""This is the most baiting and inflammatory post ITT, full of false history and assumptions. All this comment serves to do is to dehumanize and paint evil Iran and her allies; its a selfserving jewish nationalist propaganda ""unfortunately this is the view of most republican neo cons in the west""funny thats how alot of middle easterners think of the US and its troops""it had alot to do with 9-11""The were not as bad as everybody else defense is a weak argument""i agree with you""smart enough to know the US will drop them on a dime if need be""Oh really\n\nhttps://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-audit-army/u-s-army-fudged-its-accounts-by-trillions-of-dollars-auditor-finds-idUSKCN10U1IG\n\n\n\nbtw DOD awards defense contracts and majority of DOD employees retired and goto work for defense contractors ""i was in the military i think your very naive on who calls the shots. That wasnt an inability to budget either they were hiding money on purpose""Good read i would highly recommend \n\n\n\n&gt;In 2006, at the height of the bloodshed in Iraq, Soleimani took a break from managing Asaib and its sister groups in order to supervise another Iranian proxy, Hezbollah, in its escalating war with Israel.38\u00a0During his absence, U.S. commanders in the Green Zone noted a sharp decline in casualties across the country. Upon his return from Lebanon, Soleimani wrote to U.S. commanders, \u201cI hope you have been enjoying the peace and quiet in Baghdad. I\u2019ve been busy in Beirut!\u201d""What did you find interesting? This is pretty much common sense stuff that has also been posted numerous times threw out the war.""So your saying the US govt and military along with intelligence was not smart enuff to see this happening right under their nose?""i agree\n""whats this group's relationship with the pro-govt Syrian Resistance (or Popular Front for the Liberation of the Sanjak of Iskandarun)?""This doesn't look 160 years old to me, and the whole thing is already covered in graffiti about love so there was obviously not much respect and reverence for this neglected old building before TFSA got to Afrin. ""The specific group was Liwa Al Islam, but the announcement was made in the name of \"the heroes of the Free Syrian Army\". Then some pro-rebel media were faced with the fact that this makes them look horrible and claimed that the picture of a Liwa Al Islam commander proudly displaying his work in the rebel controlled shrine was actually somehow a regime/Hezbollah false flag... ""not unless Assad goes batshit crazy ""Unless its the republican guard or Tigers Forces it wont succeed""[New York Times article](https://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/07/world/middleeast/iran-warns-syrian-rebels-after-report-of-shrine-desecration.html?_r=0/) about the event, the Facebook post itself is long gone by now though. ""The article is saying that both the FSA(LaI) and Nusra claimed it, but I don't remember Nusra ever saying anything about it. Both Liwa Al Islam and Nusra were extremely sectarian Wahhabi groups which sent car bombs, rockets and mortar shells at the holy shrines, and publicly promised to cleanse Syria of Shiites, so yeah definitely either one of them could have done it, not that it really matters because this specific incident is not the problem. Their respective mergers and rebrands, JaI and HTS, are still extremely sectarian Wahhabi groups that would gladly do more of the same if they ever get to Damascus again. ""&gt; Also pedantically HTS by definition cannot be \"wahhabi\", since that strain of ideology is directly subject to Saudi rule, \n\nIt isn't. Sheikh Mohammed ibn Abdulwahhab is long dead and his followers are free to come to the ever increasingly more obvious conclusion that the Saud regime is a tyrannical and deviant enemy of Islam. Wahhabis are not a unified group and one of the big things they differ on amongst each other is the presence/degree of disbelief and corruption in the Saudi regime and how far they take their principle of obeying a Muslim ruler even if he is tyrannical. Basically, a lot of Wahhabis use the mere name of [Rabee Al Madhkali](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madkhalism) as an insult. \n\n&gt; Also, I don't think either JaI or al-Nusra have anything against the person in this shrine\n\nRight, their position is that they fiercely protect the honor and integrity of the Sahaba, and in the case of Hujr(r) they did it by desecrating his grave which they believe has become a gathering spot for the polytheistic Shiites to perform acts of great disbelief. It somehow made sense for them without any of it seeming like an insult to the Sahabi they respect, but then again they also respect and revere the man who beheaded Hujr(r) in the first place for the crime of refusing to curse a certain other Sahabi whom Nusra will literally kill you for cursing today. \n\n&gt; A lot of Sunni shrines throughout Syria have been razed to the ground by iconoclastic groups like ISIS and al-Nusra.\n\nLeveling graves is a fundamental principle of Wahhabism since day one, they did much worse in the Arabian Peninsula. ""UAE is pretty much lock n step with KSA""funny now the Russians are holding peace talks with the US and Taliban and will be the saving hand if it works out when itll all started because of them in the 1st place lmao""Well this 'new ISIS' analogy makes zero sense, because Iran isn't creating a group that is spread all over the world but is forming and aiding different allies over the middle east for its geopolitical gains, just like the US and the gulf states did with the FSA in Syria and the Pro-Hadi forces in Yemen. To compare Iran's geopolitical ambitions to a Terrorist group (that ironically, Saudi Arabia did alot to create by spreading wahabism in the region and blindly giving weapons and aid to Islamist) is to put simply, fear-mongering. ""ok, my wording at the end there is kind of confusing, but i was saying Hamas and Hezbollah have no goals outside of their respective countries. is there Iraqi groups that are opposed to Israel? Yes. Do they care about the US? no. that was my point, Iran isnt creating the 'new ISIS'.""And when has Iran, Hezbollah or Hamas attacked the US on US soil? There all actors opposed to hegemony in the region, they don't care how people live there lives in other countries like ISIS do. so yes, if you want to be pedantic, they do 'care' about the US... the same way any actor would feel about the ally of one of their enemies.""I'm having an aneurysm trying to justify how they can claim shia Iran; who has not started a war in hundereds of years, who has endured,  during both world wars, invasions and occupations as well as mass famine and genocide caused by the \"good guys\", has \"contributed greatly\" to the rise of sunni takfiri extremists who want to kill all the shia""whos next in line?.\n\n\n\n&gt;The CIA reached its conclusion by examining several sources of intelligence. According to the Post, US officials have high confidence in the CIA's assessment.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n""not now that would be silly but in 10 years or so when Russia, Iran, and Hezbollah have built them up it could come. I imagine if Syria got into a war with Israel over the Golan that Hezbollah and Iran would be pulled in as well.""solar power is good and all, but if you really want to secure your energy needs like in most developed countries and still be sustainable, the best option is nuclear. Iran has dabbled in the technology themselves, so it wouldn't be hard to obtain the technology. you know, as long as Israel is fine with it, although that would be unlikely.""Thank you but doesn't change the fact that most of Israel would be destroyed if that happened ""How many years of Universal healthcare and free tuition it would have been for american people ?""Thats great news""Nothing changed it was all for nothing. That was money and lives thrown away because the elites dont care about regular people""Latest assessment by top brass and think tanks is US would lose a war vs Russia or China right now""Privatize it all you want they still arent gonna beat the Taliban""what does ISIS and AQ have to do with Afghanistan and the Taliban? America helped create ISIS and AQ with its horrible foreign policy and useless mismanaged wars. Terrorism isnt dead either the next 9-11 could be right around the corner""modern army dont mean shit ask Saudi Arabia. Also other countries have been getting more modern as well and Israel isnt that far ahead of everybody else. Wars are won with troops on the ground and the IDF is majority of conscripts who dont have any will to fight a ground war they are just there because its mandatory.""tougher no those countries were just stupid in war planning and strategy just like Saudi Arabia today. Hezbollah and Iran on the other hand are much smarter and cunning. 10 years ahead of everybody else yet half the country gets shut down when Hamas launches 400 katyushka rockets over the border and Israel calls a ceasfire. Hezbollah would be 20 times worse and not just 1 day but weeks on end""either way its not gonna happen and wont cost the taxpayers much because dead men dont get paid""yes\nhttps://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-war-china-who-win-russia-national-defence-strategy-congress-report-donald-trump-a8636866.html\n""no way""If you knew what you talking about , you would knew that Hezbollah is popular mainly too for their social services.""For jihadists its normal""Alot know arabic""Full out war more than likely but Majority of Israel would be destroyed and it would take them centuries to recover so yea all 3 would be destroyed""not out of the realm for Israel to start it but Iran is different in that they would rather be martyrs then living. Only Solemani is known as the Living Martyr. Also everybody is cracking down on Iran and a cornered wounded dog is the most dangerous but who knows what will happen""They are Affiliated with the Real Hezbollah. Alot of Kata'ib Hezbollahs commanders were Lebanese Hezbollah and some fighters are Lebanese Hezbollah""IRGC is the only one who can implement regime change or a revolution""said it in another thread and ill say it again that ISIS pocket will still be there come new years""The way you describe it a person wouldn't think it would last a week\n\nYet they managed to carry out a counter attack not long ago""Yea im sure ppl will be dying to apply for that job""I dont think it was that report and if it was then the US has no control over SDF? Funny how the ISIS pockets in Iraq and SAA controlled territory shrunk so fast""Were sorry we wanted you gone and funded the islamists to destroy your country but since it didnt work out and your staying in power we were just playing and want to be your best friends.  You know them guys that helped you out like Russian, Iran and Hezbollah dont have your best interests at heart. Lmao this is laughable but of course they would come back groveling at Assads feet""Yet no Hague trial or direct Nato intervention like other countries who commited real crimes and murders like in Kosovo. Occams razor says if it were true Syria would be under NATO control and Assad would be dead or in jail"