"Think of it like ''enemy of enemy is my friend''. If they are getting supported by the worst enemy of the YPG/PKK, why wouldn't they comply to their requests? It's not like Turkish government is also asking them to fight the YPG for free, they probably requested all these kinds of things before they complied.""Turkish Governments'  Syria policy was a disaster from the very beginning. Thanks to years of wrong moves, Turkey got the short end of the stick and they are stuck with possible one of the most untrained and unprofessional ragtag militias in the SCW. As a diehard critic of AKP and Erdogan in general however, I appreciate their efforts in not collaborating or supporting YPG in any kind of way. They would probably lose after the first election if they had done that because even the hardline conservative AKP fanatics would not turn a blind eye for Turkish soldiers to work together with the sister-branch of the PKK which kills Turkish soldiers regularly and sometimes record them in full hd and post online. While following the recent developments I understand that even better when YPG promotes some of the most wanted senior PKK commanders as theirs who are responsible of hundreds of attacks in Turkey and been in the ranks of the PKK for more than 10 years.\n\nBy doing so and supporting the other wrong factions in the SCW, the already bad reputation of Turkey under the seemingly democratic but actually Islamist and oppressive AKP government suffered even further.\n\nNow that they are stuck with the somehow better of the worst, they can at least train them professionally and tame them a little. It's all up to the pressure applied from Ankara. However SCW is a really unpopular topic in Turkey so mostly common public have no idea what even TFSA is and the trending topics constantly change.""Who do you think genuinely holds Syria's best interest at heart in this conflict? Please do tell me.\n\nExcept for Assad, of course.""&gt;Honestly. Who bloody knows. At this point probably the people at Human Rights Watch or the Syrian Red Crescent. Individual citizens who abhore violence of any sort. Thats about it.\n\n&gt;No one in a position of power on any of the numerous sides in this war gives a rats arse about syrian people or their rights. Theyve proven that time and again.\n\nAgreed, such is the harsh reality of war diplomatics.\n\n&gt;Assad certainly doesnt.\n\nThis might seem a little awkward but although I'm not a fan of Assad for various reasons, I think he holds Syria's interests at heart, at least compared to other factions. Could you tell the reason why you think so? Or is it about not staying down so he can rule Syria for more as I presume?\n\nAlso, off topic but what happened to the flairs? Haven't been following the subreddit for a while, did the mods remove them?""Yeah that's why I said except for Assad.""But the thing is, PKK is a terrorist organization. Freedom movement my ass. They will never get the freedom they desire so much because they have blood of so many innocents on their hands. Especially their head commanders. Also, the funniest thing is, PKK stopped their ideas on a free independent Kurdish state during the 90's and they even declared that they don't want to fight anymore and work on building a democratic Turkey where every ethnicity can live freely (they already do, but whatever). After the peace process failed, they went on killing Turkish soldiers (and sometimes civilians). Even they know that Turkish soldiers are not bloodthirsty monsters who regularly kill Kurdish civilians for sport but they still do it just because they need a reason to fight because they make great profit out of this. Both the Turkish state and the PKK itself. We have all seen how they could stop themselves from fighting for 2 years during peace process, but meanwhile they were stockpiling tonnes of explosives in the Turkish metropolises. PKK is the aggressor and is constantly itching for a war they can never win. Turkey has every right to defend themselves from its threats.\n""Good to see you can't come up with any reasonable counter-arguments so you can only rely to whataboutism.\n\nYeah I support my army as a faction in this war. This doesn't mean that I condone it's previous attacks on civilians (deliberately or non-deliberately)  Who were you expecting me to support, YPG, ISIS? \n\nThis subs quality has really gotten low over years.""PKK propaganda can even increase the age of the dead baby into 25 and make both of them war criminals by stating that they actually kill innocent Kurds on their free time so that this  bombing  can be justified. They can also say they are ISIS for catering to the Western audiences so it's all cool. They also threw RPGs to the Civil workers yesterday. Boy I wonder why is Southeastern Turkey so undeveloped, it's must be all because of the evil Turkish state kidnapping and killing workers, engineers and shit. ""A settlement needs to be guaranteed and trusted by both sides. PKK and Turkish state tried that a couple of times, it didn't go well as one might expect. Right now Turkey is hellbent on eradicating PKK's presence from Turkey and Syria so settlement is most likely not an option. ""It is a distinctive moustache type which shows that they are Turkish nationalists (Grey Wolves)""And those some don't give a fuck about what others think because those others don't give a fuck about their problems.""There have been plenty of occasions when the YPG supporters made fun of the users and the admins had removed  the comments or banned who said YPG had connections with the PKK, they used to say they only share a similar ideology, now they cannot even deny that  because they knew it all from the start.\n\nThanks for admitting you are wrong though, it is really rare for someone to admit that nowadays, I really appreciate that.""So Shuheda Al Sharqiyyah has almost been the problematic ones it seems. I wonder if they were also the ones who did all the looting and pillaging on the first day during the capture of Afrin.""According to the Turkish sources, Turkish Military declared curfew and engaged in operations against the Shuhada Al Sharqiya and YPG elements. Probably other TFSA elements joined the operation as well.""In the way. Probably because of recent YPG- affiliated or independent groups like Wo0's attacks against the TFSA militants in Afrin.""Let me copy paste what I just wrote:\n\n&gt;In the way. Probably because of recent YPG- affiliated or independent groups like Wo0's attacks against the TFSA militants in Afrin.\n""Exactly my thoughts. They were so reluctant about interfering in Syria so this is partially their fault also. However they were fighting against the PKK in home during the first years of the civil war and were in a peace process between 2013- late 2015 so that might be their reasoning also.""It's harder to deal with them Externally rather than Internally because its basically their territory and they have the terrain advantage. External operations are usually conducted as airstrikes.""He was talking about PKK not YPG, when it comes to conventional warfare Turkey stomps YPG, though that is a fact. ""&gt; I don't know how the people who fund these murderers sleep at night. \n\nProbably like a baby.""Not really.\n\nhttp://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/pkk-kills-young-teacher-after-abducting-him-in-turkeys-east-114627\n\nhttp://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/three-road-construction-workers-killed-in-pkk-attack-in-turkeys-sirnak--117266\n\nPKK occasionally targets and kills the civil workers they deem as ''state agent'' a very common tactic they did during the 80s and 90s. ""You told that PKK doesn't kill civilians anymore and I've provided some evidence suggesting that they still kill, albeit not so often because it gets massive reaction, due to media coverage. I know that PKK's hardline supporters will support everything they do, I don't really care about that, even during Istanbul and Ankara bombings a lot of people cheered the civilian deaths and YPG put the suicide bombers posters in the areas they controlled in Northern Syria.\n\nhttps://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35798517""This needs to be extended towards all of the Northern Syria. But the radical elements in TFSA are making it difficult."